Our Unique Approach: The Natural English Method

We believe that learning a new language should mirror how you mastered your first: naturally, enjoyably, and effectively.

Learn Like a Native: Our method is built on the science that shows we learn best by modeling how we learned as children. You start by listening to native speakers, then mimicking them, allowing speaking, pronunciation, grammar, reading, and writing to develop naturally over time.

Focus on Comprehensible Input: You'll listen to material that you already understand at least 60% of the time. This focus on listening for context helps you effortlessly grasp meaning and the situation, forming the foundation of fluency.

Break the Grammar Barrier: Unlike traditional schooling, we don't drill complex grammar rules. You learned to speak and communicate before you knew grammar, and with our training, it will come to you naturally, too.

Master the Sounds: We ditch complicated phonics for the effective Jolly Phonics system developed in England. We will help you master all 42 sounds and tackle the non-phonetic words in English.

Our Methods: Training & Coaching
We are more than trainers—we are your coaches and accountability partners, dedicated to integrating English into your life.

Active, Conversational Lessons: Our lessons are not lectures. You will be an active participant, trained to give effective presentations and to converse naturally and like a native speaker.

Relevant Vocabulary & Association: Forget the Duolingo approach. We introduce relevant vocabulary through full sentences and natural conversation. You learn by association—the proven way your brain makes language connections.

Prioritize Effective Expression: It’s not about how many words you know; it’s about knowing how to express yourself confidently and effectively with the basic vocabulary you already have.

The Power of Spaced Repetition (Add your specific explanation of this technique here to complete the idea.)

The NET Difference: Fun & Accountability
We turn the "chore" of studying into an engaging, daily habit.

Make it Fun, Not a Chore: Studies show we learn significantly more when we are having fun and engaging with the material. We help you make listening a part of your routine—using podcasts, YouTube, and other content tailored to your personal likes and dislikes.

Daily Home Study Program: We ensure you are doing your daily 1 hour of listening (45 minutes of fun, high-interest content and 15 minutes of speaking practice) that is tailored to fit seamlessly into your routine.

Safe Environment for Growth: We understand the reluctance to make mistakes. We create a safe environment where we challenge our students to push past the fear of speaking English, helping you learn to speak confidently.

Added program value-

Buddy system - We will pair you up with a partner each week where you will add 1 hour of practice to your week, where you will review and practically apply through natural conversation what we have been learning in our trainings. 

Monthly in person networking meetings in Saigon, networking with other business professionals.

NET- Natural English Training
Corporate Training - Business/Networking/AI English Course


Our methods

Learn English naturally, the way we learn our first language by listening to native speakers, then mimicking them, and allow the rest to happen naturally - 

Studies show that we learn languages best by modeling how we learned our first languages as children, then we learn to speak, and speaking, pronunciation, grammar, reading and writing all come later, and they come naturally.

You don't have to suffer or make English feel like a chore, it can be fun! Listen daily to podcasts, youtube, make it fun. studies show we learn a lot more when we are having fun and engaging.

Vietnamese tend to not want to make mistakes, so we make sure to challenge our students, in a safe environment, to help them push past their fears of speaking English.

We don't focus on grammar like they do in schools, do you remember learning grammar as a child? No.. you could speak and communicate before learning grammar. It comes naturally. 

comprehensible input, listening to material at least 60% understood

Listening for context, to understand meaning and the situation.

spaced repetition (input explanation here)

Relevant  vocabulary, introduced in sentences and through natural conversation, duolingo method is not effective, we learn by association, this is how our brains make connections and it forms the foundation of our language speaking.

Using basic vocabulary effectively and in many different scenarios, it's not about how much words you know, it's about knowing how to express yourself effectively with the words you do know.

We don't believe in complicated systems, so instead of the traditional phonics system we use the Jolly phonics system developed in England, and we will help you master all 42 sounds and help you learn the non phonetic words in the English language.

Learn to speak confidently



Added program value-

Buddy system 

Monthly in person networking meetings in Saigon, networking with other business professionals.